add docs for exec cli (#1849)
encoredev/encore: docs/ts/develop/running-scripts.md

---

> seotitle: How to use `encore exec` for executing commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
seotitle: How to use `encore exec` for running scripts
```

> seodesc: Learn how to use the `encore exec` command to execute tasks like database seeding in your Encore app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
seodesc: Learn how to use the `encore exec` command to run scripts like database seeding in your Encore app.
```

title: Running Scripts

> subtitle: Execute commands with Encore's infrastructure setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subtitle: Run scripts with your application's infrastructure and runtime configured and initialized
```
